## Version 3.6 (28 February  2020) - k-Wave release 1.3
  - Added support for CUDA 10.x.
  - Added support for 2D medium.
  - Added support for Stokes absorption.
  - Added new source scaling term (additive) and the old one renamed to
    additive-no-correction.
  - Added copy sensor mask to the output file.
  - Added more verbosity reporting source flags and expected memory consumption
    as well as sensor flags and expected file consumption.
  - Added checkpoint interval in time steps.
  - Added setting of default number of threads according to OMP_NUM_THREADS
    variable, if defined.
  - Changed input file version to 1.2 (many quantities are now generated by the
    code, e.g., PML, derivative operators, shift variables, etc).
  - Fixed compatibility issues with Visual Studio 2017 and Intel 2019.
  - Changed CUDA kernels placement under a templated class.
  - Changed default alignment to 64b.
  - Fixed 1D inplace CUFFT bug in CUDA 10.x.
  - Fixed bug with transpositions on Windows 10 and rectangular matrices.

## Version 3.5 (04 September 2017) - k-Wave release 1.2
  - Introduction of SC@FIT coding style.
  - Added explicit calculation of nonlinear term.
  - Added better support for C++-11.
  - Added better support for C++-11.
  - Added support for Visual Studio 2015.
  - Added Support for CUDA 8.0.
  - Bugfix reading scalar flags.
  - Bugfix with transducer delay mask after checkpoint.

## Version 3.4 (11 August 2016) - k-Wave release 1.1
  - First implementation of the CUDA version corresponding to OMP version 2.15.
