## License

Copyright (C) 2012 - 2020 SC\@FIT Research Group,
Brno University of Technology, Brno, CZ.

This file is part of the C++ extension of the k-Wave Toolbox
(http://www.k-wave.org).

k-Wave is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

The license places copyleft restrictions on the k-Wave toolbox. Essentially,
anyone can use the software for any purpose (commercial or non-commercial), the
source code for the toolbox is freely available, and anyone can redistribute the
software (in its original form or modified) as long as the distributed product
comes with the full source code and is also licensed under the LGPL. You can
make private modified versions of the toolbox without any obligation to divulge
the modifications so long as the modified software is not distributed to anyone
else. The copyleft restrictions only apply directly to the toolbox, but not to
other (non-derivative) software that simply links to or uses the toolbox.

k-Wave is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with k-Wave. If not, see (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).


## Citing the k-Wave Toolbox

If you find the C++ extension of the toolbox useful for your academic work,
please consider citing:

_B. E. Treeby, J. Jaros, A. P. Rendell, and B. T. Cox, "Modeling nonlinear
ultrasound propagation in heterogeneous media with power law absorption using a
k-space pseudospectral method," J. Acoust. Soc. Am., vol. 131, no. 6, pp.
4324-4336, 2012._

and/or

_J. Jaros, A. P. Rendell, and B. E. Treeby, "Full-wave nonlinear ultrasound
simulation on distributed clusters with applications in high-intensity focused
ultrasound," Int. J. High Perform. Comput., vol. 30, no. 2, pp. 137-155, 2016._

along with any other relevant publications. The first paper describes the
nonlinear ultrasound model and the C++ code, and the second paper provides more
details of the C++ implementation.
